Restaurant project: Note on gitignores (#27677)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/organizing_your_javascript_code/project_restaurant_page.md

**Note: DOM elements should be created using JavaScript but styling can be done in a separate CSS file.**

<div class="lesson-note lesson-note--tip" markdown="1">

#### .gitignore

> When working with packages that are installed with npm, you don't need to track the contents of `node_modules` with git, or push those files to GitHub either. This is because the `package.json` file contains all the information, so that anyone can clone your project and install them on their machine with `npm install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with packages that are installed with npm, you don't need to track the contents of `node_modules` with git, nor push those files to GitHub. This is because the `package.json` file contains all the information, so that anyone can clone your project and install them on their machine with `npm install`.
```
Tiniest of nits.

    1. run `npm install webpack webpack-cli --save-dev` to install webpack to the node_modules directory of your project.

    1. Create a `src` and `dist` directory with the following contents:
        1. an `index.js` file in `src`.

        1. an `index.html` file in `src`. This file will not need a script tag, because we're using `html-webpack-plugin`, which automatically adds that in. You will also not need to link a CSS stylesheet as you should be importing it into your JavaScript and letting your webpack configuration handle bundling.

        1. create a `webpack.config.js` file that looks just like our file from the [Webpack "Getting Started" tutorial](https://webpack.js.org/guides/getting-started/#using-a-configuration). Don't forget to add the `html-webpack-plugin` config to your `webpack.config.js` and set its `template` option with a path to `src/index.html`.

> 1. Create a `.gitignore` file in the root of your project. It should contain `node_modules` and `dist` on separate lines.

Reviewer: It's been a while since Webpack and deploying `dist`'s contents to gh-pages.
Wouldn't having `dist` in `.gitignore` require us to have instructions in the deployment step for removing it when deploying? Or a way to stage an ignored file?
